well in the last hour we've also heard
from Hamas a senior spokesman says that
the US is aiding Israel in its offensive
on
Gaza these crimes and horrendous
massacres are committed by the Nazi
Israeli occupation forces with full
American Support making the American
Administration and its President Biden a
primary partner in shedding our
Palestinian blood killing our children
and women and destroying all pillars of
livelihood in Gaza and this partnership
has consequences in
accountability and hamas's Military Wing
has released a video of what it says are
Israeli captives it's holding in Gaza
delivering a message to the Israeli
government three elderly men are seen in
that video right there and one of them
says that they're being held in harsh
conditions and have chronic illnesses he
pleads with the Israeli government to
rescue them Israel has in the past
labeled this sort of video Psych olical
Warfare by
Hamas well the Israeli Army says two
more soldiers have been killed in Gaza
It also says 48 soldiers have been
injured there over the past 24 hours and
alasan brigades has released a new video
showing some of the fighting near the
northern city of B lahia Hamas Fighters
are seen striking Israeli tanks and
jeeps with anti-tank missiles we'll
speak to T abum he's joining us from RA
in the southern Gaza Strip t uh before
we talk about the latest Israeli strikes
and the impact they've had uh just tell
us about the video that we understand
has been released by hamas's armed wing
of the three uh Israeli
hostages yes uh the video that had been
released by the military uh wing of
Hamas uh considered to be a new method
that Hamas is using to add much more
pressure on the uh Israeli civil front
in order to accelerate uh the process of
reaching to a ceas fire and complete
sensation of fighting on the ground as
they are uh showing three elderly uh men
who were uh who are suffering from
chronic disease calling the Israeli
government to accelerate the process of
their release and to to the return to uh
their uh uh families now uh this is not
new for the strategies that is adopted
that are adopted by the military ring of
Hamas but uh generally these kinds of
videos that are released in time of War
aim to to launch a kind of psychological
warfare just to uh add such a
significant uh pressure on the uh
families of those hostages just to also
to keep demanding and calling the
Israeli government to stand in its
responsibility to return the their
captives as they have announced earlier
that one of the main targets of the war
on Gaza is to eliminate Hamas Fighters
This is number one and number two to
rrive the captives who had been captured
on October the 7th attack that had be
launched by Hamas on the adjacent
settlement uh of Gaza City T give us an
update on the latest um Israeli air
strikes in the aftermath because we
understand that there have been attacks
on hospitals and across the southern
Gaza Strip including Kan yunas and in
the the jabalia refugee camp as
well yes uh with every day passes in
fact uh more strikes take place inside
Gaza and this time the concentrations
against the uh medical hospitals and the
middle uh Govern of the territory word
has been under Israeli intense air
strikes during the last uh couple of
hours now earlier today they have
arrested the director of ala Hospital Dr
Ahmed along with the number of medical
workers and the jabalia refugee camp had
been under Israeli intense offensive
since the early hours of today's morning
and during the last hour the bombardment
in kanun especially by the Israeli
artillery did not stop as we have been
uh reaching a number of our colleagues
in Nassar Hospital wondering about the
situation there they told us that we
have been under Israel intense boming uh
during the last couple of hours where uh
uh two uh Palestinians have been reached
killed to anaser hospital due to one of
these artillery that hit a residential
building alongside these attacks
continued on the anat and town in the
middle areas of the territory and the
long the coastal line of uh anarat
refugee camp had been hit also uh during
the last hour all right thank you so
much reporting from
raaza